WORKLOG.md, before:

# Work Log

## CLEMENS LI

### 5/24/23

Created Player class, Removed human player class since it's useless, Need to test with Tiles

### 5/25/23

Started GameMechanics but forgot to push, Player should be .pde

### 5/26/23

Changed Map so that it's a class implemented by GameMechanics setup(), created Actions class, combined Tiles folder and GameMechanics folder, Player was also put into GameMechanics

### 5/27/23 && 5/28/23

Worked on GameMechanics.pde, start() function and turns, actions class deleted

### 5/30/23

Completely changed GameMechanics, new takeTurn() and end() functions, different draw(), keyPressed(), position keeps changing need to fix

### 6/1/23

Rent mechanic works, Map() constructor made, build() method fixed, no more duplicate buying, player names should now be color coded, pay() and add() methods added to Player, buy() method fixed, added gameOver screen and modified broke() boolean method


## ELIEZER CHO

### 5/23/23

created the Tiles class, I will make the 2 extensions of the class after. (buyable and unbuyable)

made the buyable and unbuyable classes, I have to test it with the player class later

### 5/24/23
started to transfer things over to processing, need to add map and make it show up on processing


### 5/25/23
started making map, it shows up on processing. will work on making more stuff to the map.

### 5/26/23
started adding prices to map, but there were way too many errors. have to fix these later today/tomorrow.

### 5/27/23
made change to gmaemechanics.pde, map.pde, player.pde because it caused errors and i had to fix them. I also didn't know how to change the map in an efficient way, so i just brute forced it.

### 5/30/23
I made methods to display the stats of the players, like showing their current balance, their last roll, name, and list of properties

### 5/31/23
I made it so that the rolling dice things actually works, and displays on the side. Each person has different last rolls, and i forgot about that yesterday so i had to fix.

###6/1/23
I made it so that my game finally displays teh characters, i jsut brute forced it and will need to make it better.

###6/5/23
I made multiple screens like the avatar choose screen, game screen, and the menu screen.
info

Commit message:

Go mechanic, need to work on restart, community/chance, and visuals

WORKLOG.md, after:

# Work Log

## CLEMENS LI

### 5/24/23

Created Player class, Removed human player class since it's useless, Need to test with Tiles

### 5/25/23

Started GameMechanics but forgot to push, Player should be .pde

### 5/26/23

Changed Map so that it's a class implemented by GameMechanics setup(), created Actions class, combined Tiles folder and GameMechanics folder, Player was also put into GameMechanics

### 5/27/23 && 5/28/23

Worked on GameMechanics.pde, start() function and turns, actions class deleted

### 5/30/23

Completely changed GameMechanics, new takeTurn() and end() functions, different draw(), keyPressed(), position keeps changing need to fix

### 6/1/23

Rent mechanic works, Map() constructor made, build() method fixed, no more duplicate buying, player names should now be color coded, pay() and add() methods added to Player, buy() method fixed, added gameOver screen and modified broke() boolean method

### 6/5/23 & 6/6/23

Forgot to push, but worked on GameMechanics and created SpecialTiles class, restart button but shifts text, keyPressed for different keys, Go mechanic works


## ELIEZER CHO

### 5/23/23

created the Tiles class, I will make the 2 extensions of the class after. (buyable and unbuyable)

made the buyable and unbuyable classes, I have to test it with the player class later

### 5/24/23
started to transfer things over to processing, need to add map and make it show up on processing


### 5/25/23
started making map, it shows up on processing. will work on making more stuff to the map.

### 5/26/23
started adding prices to map, but there were way too many errors. have to fix these later today/tomorrow.

### 5/27/23
made change to gmaemechanics.pde, map.pde, player.pde because it caused errors and i had to fix them. I also didn't know how to change the map in an efficient way, so i just brute forced it.

### 5/30/23
I made methods to display the stats of the players, like showing their current balance, their last roll, name, and list of properties

### 5/31/23
I made it so that the rolling dice things actually works, and displays on the side. Each person has different last rolls, and i forgot about that yesterday so i had to fix.

###6/1/23
I made it so that my game finally displays teh characters, i jsut brute forced it and will need to make it better.

###6/5/23
I made multiple screens like the avatar choose screen, game screen, and the menu screen.
info
